You're the first person I've really
spoken to about this type of stuff. I
was in hospital after the fight lying
there. I got my mask on thinking this is
so bad. Get me the morphine. Get me the
morphine. Got my family around me. Some
of them are crying. I can hear
everything that's going on. And then I
hear the doctor say from the other room.
We have to operate on him now otherwise
he's going to die.
[Applause]
Chris Jun.
Chris, you haven't really spoken since
that 12th round with Connor. How do you
rate your own performance? I was
technically sound for the first seven
rounds, but once the cut came, I was
experiencing all the things that had
been restricting me leading up to the
fight and I can hear my trainer. Got to
use the jab, Chris. Use your feet. I
looked at him. I said, "I'm sorry. It's
too late." Because I always knew there
would be fights like this where you
don't have anything left or you want to
give up or you're hurt, but you have to
fight through the demons, the issues,
the restrictions. because I wasn't
willing to go the rest of my life
knowing that I didn't give it my all.
That lives with you forever. So, the
technicality of the sport was out the
window. We are going to war. Was Connor
faster than you were expecting? Yep. Was
he stronger than you expecting? Yep. And
it was about who wants it more. My old
man's there. I've got to show him. I'm
capable of great things. You know, we
have been estranged for years. But what
caused that relationship to strain? I
sent him a letter and that broke him.
You know, I I get emotional thinking
about this. What did that letter say?
This has always blown my mind a little
bit. 53% of you that listen to this show
regularly haven't yet subscribed to the
show. So, could I ask you for a favor
before we start? If you like the show
and you like what we do here and you
want to support us, the free simple way
that you can do just that is by hitting
the subscribe button. And my commitment
to you is if you do that, then I'll do
everything in my power, me and my team,
to make sure that this show is better
for you every single week. We'll listen
to your feedback. We'll find the guests
that you want me to speak to, and we'll
continue to do what we do. Thank you so
much.
Chris, you haven't really spoken since
the fight, especially not in in long
form. So, I guess the best place to
start is just by asking you how you're
feeling. That was pretty [__] crazy.
[__] crazy is uh is is is pretty
accurate. Yeah, it was
[Music]
um it was a fight that I'm not going to
lie, I wasn't expecting to be involved
in.
Um, I genuinely thought that, uh, I was
going to go in there. I was going
to have my way with this
kid, blow him out of the water, you
know, watch him
quit, watch him
um, crumble under the pressure. That's
really what I thought was going to
happen. And thank God that I was wrong.
Because if that had
happened, it would not be a fight that
is now going to be remembered
for
ever. This is what I'm being told. This
is what I'm hearing. This is what I'm
seeing. This is the best fight I ever
saw. This is the best event I ever saw.
This was amazing. For a fight to reach
that level of love and and respect, both
fighters have
to go through the fire.
Both fires have to do things that
um may seem superhuman, may seem like
impossible. They have to go through
that. They have to be
true. And uh they cannot give up. And
that's what we both showed on that
night. Two
men who were willing to die in that
ring. That's what boxing is really
about. And it's so rare to see these
days. You know, we just saw over the
weekend some of the best fighters on the
planet right
now. Devin Haney, Canelo, Ryan
Garcia. You know, they their fights were
um underwhelming to say the least.
boring. In those three fights, the total
amount of punches
landed was less than just the fight in
me with me and Connor. So, the fight
with me and Connor, I think we landed
maybe 1,500 punches. In their three
fights in total, only 1,400 landed,
which is a pretty incredible statistic.
And it just shows
you how much that fight meant to both of
us. you know, it showed the pressure and
the grit and the determination and the
stakes. So, I'm I'm blessed to be a part
of such a historic fight, a historic
event, and I'm I'm very
um grateful that the fans loved it so
much. You know, everything I've heard
about it so far has been amazing. And I,
you know, I went out into the streets um
for the first time yesterday in Brixton
and to see the people's reactions for
the first time really to really see it.
Um, you know, it really it really uh it
really means a lot. You know, I had a
woman a woman came up and she was
crying. You know, she was she had tears
in her eyes like, you know, it's amazing
what you did. You know, that fight
superseded what boxing is, you know,
because it
was, you know, even even outside of what
we did in that
ring, the father and son
dynamic, that was real. And that's
something that, you know, the entire
world can relate to and has to deal with
their own problems with their families.
So to see me and my father going through
what we were going
through and then to come together to
unite at a time when it meant the
most. That's an amazing thing. And
nobody thought it was going to happen. I
didn't think it was going to happen. So
seeing
that, you know, that that's not boxing,
you know, that is
um that's love. You know, going back to
the top of that, you said that you were
expecting to walk in there and blow
Connor
away. So, does that mean that you in
hindsight underestimated his ability
or was there something not quite right
with you that
night? Because I was watching. I was
ringside and you didn't look normal,
especially in those opening rounds. You
had the
same dog in you that you've always had,
but you didn't look
normal. You're very uh you're very
observant. There are a lot of things
going on in my
life that no one knows about and no one
will ever know
about. You know, as a fighter, you have
to you have to do things that nobody
else could imagine doing and no one else
is willing to do. I did that to be able
to get into the ring that night. You
also have the the navigation of weight
loss, rehydration
restrictions. These are all things that
I was having to deal with on top of all
the outside stuff.
what you saw was maybe yes there was
maybe certain aspects of me as an
athlete that you know weren't 100%.
But the truth of it is so many
fighters go into fights with issues
whether it's injuries, whether it's
illness, whether
it's uh mental
[Music]
problems. We all have to fight through
these things.
That's a part of the sport, which is why
I'm not going to sit here and tell you
about all the things that I was dealing
with because it's my job. We are we are
fighters. You have to fight through the
demons. You have to fight through the
issues. You have to fight through the
restrictions. And that's what I did. I
didn't give up.
illness, injury, and mental problems.
A
are are just a few of the things that
fighters. Did you have any of these?
Again, again, I I I I'm not going to go
into what I was dealing with. Was it
It's a personal issue you're dealing
with. Um do you know why I'm asking this
question? I I'm asking this question
because as a fight fan, as a fan of
yours, I was watching you as you as the
fight began and I didn't think you were
quite yourself. I've been to your
fights. I've been to many other fights,
you know. Um, I've watched you in
Manchester as well, ringside, and you
didn't look the same. So, now I have
this big question mark in my head as to
why you didn't look the same. And I'm
like really determined to try and
understand. I know that you weren't in
great physical health, but you say there
was other things going on in your
life. What category were those things
in? If you don't, you don't have to tell
me what they are. You obviously don't
have to say anything, but No, you know,
it's it's something
that, you know, a lot of fighters do.
you know, they they will come out of a
fight and they will say the things that
um were wrong with the camps and were
wrong with their health or wrong
with, you know, their personal lives or,
you know, I've never been that guy to
make
excuses. I I'm not looking for sympathy.
I'm not looking for a reason for people
to say, "Oh, well, you know,
um well, you won, so it doesn't matter."
But but even if I had lost Yeah. It's
not in me to oh well this is why I you
know I had to go through this and that
and people saw so much of what I had to
deal with. Yeah. My father the weight
cut the rehydration clause getting fined
a million for being 0.5
overweight. Using the gloves that
weren't in the
contract. Some guy trying to get into my
changing room to check my hands. uh and
and and and and ruffling the feathers of
of my team. They threw everything at
me. They did everything they could to
try
and get me off of track, to distract me,
to take my mind off of the task at hand.
And I never let that happen. And I'm
very
um I'm proud of that. I'm proud that I
didn't fall into the traps that were
set. Every time they set a trap, I saw
the trap. Go around it. Go forward. Oh,
there's another trap. Round it. Forward.
Another trap. Round it.
Forward. That is a part of being a
warrior. It's not just getting in the
ring and fighting. You have to be smart.
You have to be cunning. You have to know
your enemy. You have to understand the
things that people are trying to do to
take you out of your comfort zone, out
of
your, you know, out of your
preparation. You have to avoid and you
have to make sure that nothing gets into
your
head, nothing affects what you're going
to do on the night, you know. And the
crazy thing was, not only was I dealing
with all these bullets flying at me from
my
enemies in Connor Ben, in Matram and
Eddie Hearn, uh, in Nigel Ben. These are
all enemies leading up to the fight. I
had bullets and coming from my family,
my father. a couple of days before the
biggest fight of my life. He's, you
know, he's going into the media and
saying I'm a
disgrace.
[Music]
Um, I'm
already in, you know, under a lot of
stress, under a lot of pressure, and
then I've got to hear this. It's like,
Jesus. I mean, what what, you know, how
how much worse is it going to get?
It was tough. It was really
tough.
But on the subject of my
father, regardless of what he said about
me and about the
fight, he was there when it mattered the
most. And that means
everything. I didn't know he was going
to
come. He called me. He texts me the the
day before the fight, the night before
the
fight. He said, "Um, call me when you
see
this." So, I saw the
text and I thought, you know
what? You know, we
are we're less than a day away from
well, this is the night before the
biggest fight of my life. The last thing
I can be doing is being on the phone
listening
to
negativity because that's all he had
come with for the last 6, eight weeks.
The fight's not going to happen. This
fight shouldn't be happening. Weights
are not right. He egged him. He's a
disgrace. It's a circus. It's a sham. I
will never be in this my son's corner.
This is all I'm hearing from him for two
months.
Don't do this fight, Chris.
Son, this is all I'm hearing. I I So,
I'm sitting there. I'm reading this
message and he hasn't, you know, I
haven't spoken to him and I'm thinking,
I can't I can't deal with this right
now. Call him. Call him for what? So, he
can say not to take the fight, you know?
I got to rest. I got to I got to focus.
A couple of hours go
by, maybe 9 10:00 it gets to that and
I'm like, you know what?
I've been through so much [__] in the
last two
months. What more could possibly What
more could possibly be thrown at me? The
end of the day is my old man. He's text
me. I'm going to hear him now. So, I
call him. I was about to go to sleep and
I thought, you know what? I'll call him.
As soon as he picked the phone up, there
was a a tone in his voice that I hadn't
heard for
years. Um, it was a
tone
of happiness,
lightness,
joy. Hey, how you doing,
son? What's going on? How you
feeling? How am I feeling?
When when have you worried about how
I've been feeling? You
know, I'm good, Dad. Everything's cool,
you know. Just getting ready to go to
sleep. Got a big day
tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I know,
son. I know you got a big day tomorrow.
And
[Music]
um I want to be there for you.
So, I heard that and I'm
like, is this is this a dream? Is this
uh this is this is Chris Eubank Senior
I'm speaking to. Who is
this? Yeah, it's me,
son. Let's uh let's do this. Let's do
this together. Where are you? Said I'm
at my
hotel. He said, "All right, well, I'll
come to your hotel. We'll speak and
yeah, let's let's let's do
it. Okay. Okay,
Dad. I ordered him an Uber. 20 minutes
later, he was at my hotel. I got him a
room. We went up to the room. We sat
down. You know, he
said, "I was always going to come. I was
always going to be there for you.
And in my mind, I'm thinking, if I had
just gone to sleep, what happens? What
would you still be here?
Like, you know, we haven't had any
communication. And I know and I knew how
hard it was for him to send me that text
of, you know, call me when you see this
because he doesn't do that. You know,
it's been years since he tried to have
that contact with me. So, I think if I
just ignored it, then we wouldn't be
sitting here today talking about this
amazing event that had unfolded because
make no mistake, him being there made
it it made it different. It made it
something that will now go down in
history. You know, movies are made about
this type of
stuff. If I go in there alone, it's just
a
fight. It would have been a great fight
still, but to have
that fantasy of a father and
son coming together after going through
so
much so much, you know, my brother
passing away. um all the stuff in the
media, all the friction to see to see
that be able to be kind of put to one
side and to unite, to come together, to
walk into that
ring. It's uh it's an incredible thing,
you know. I I get I get emotional
thinking about it because
it's it was so unexpected.
You know, I I had I had envisioned in my
mind for the last two years me walking
to that ring
alone. I just, you know, it never
crossed my mind that my old man would be
behind me.
Um, I envisioned walking to the ring
alone, being booed,
um, and getting into that ring and
fighting
with anger in my
heart. That's that's what I thought that
fight was going to
be. What it turned out to be
was I'm walking to the ring. My old man
is behind me. He's with me.
And you know, for the first time
in my whole career, I'm walking through
a
crowd and there's no
booze. I'm used to walking up into these
rings and I'm looking out and people are
going,
"You're gonna get knocked out.
and I feed off of that dark
energy and I use it against my
opponents. That's what I've been that's
that's my been my life
for for my whole career
really. In this fight, I'm walking past
people and I'm seeing tears in their
eyes. I'm seeing grown men with tears in
their
eyes and smiles and
you know, God rest slow. And it's
like, you know, I'm walking to the ring
and and my my my face is always cold
because I'm about to get in the ring and
hurt somebody and get hurt. But in my
mind, and my heart, I'm like, what's
happening? What is this? This
is I've never I've never seen this
before.
I've never seen cheers, let alone people
crying with
joy. This is, you know, this is this is
going to be different. This fight is
about to be something different. I don't
know. I don't know what it's going to
be, but I'm excited. What did you
discuss in that hotel room when he
arrived in that Uber?
He said to me in that hotel room, "What
do you think I want from you?
I thought about it for a long
time and I genuinely couldn't answer the
question. You know, we have been
estranged for a long long time.
Years. Yeah. Years. So, how can I answer
that? What What do I want from you? Is
what he said.
I know that this man is not a man that
can be
bought. He's got too much pride. He got
too much morals. He's a man of
God. Um that's all that's important to
him. You can't buy
him. So me knowing that when he's
saying, "What do you think I want from
you?" I'm thinking, "Oh
no, has that changed? Has he changed?
Is he about to, you know, ask me for
some crazy amount of
money? I hope I hope
not because then that
changes my view of who this man in front
of me
is, you
know? So, I didn't I didn't I didn't
even think about that. It's in my head,
but I didn't want to say it. I didn't
want to say it in the fear that he would
be like, "Yeah, you got to give me a
million. That would have killed me.
Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would
have been bad.
Why? Because then I know that he's only
he's not there because he loves me and
because he wants to see
me win. He wants to support me. Uh he
wants to be my
dad. If it's about money, then all of
that is irrelevant. Yeah.
So, I was too scared to even talk about
to even mention money because then that
would mean that there's there's no
coming
back. You know, if you're if you're in
if you're if we're in a room together
the night before the biggest fight of my
life and you're just saying you got to
pay me, that means for the rest of our
lives now, our our relationship will
never ever be the
same. So, I was scared to say that and I
was scared at the question. I had to
joke. I had to I had to make a joke out
of it because I was so confused and
worried about what was about to happen.
I said, "You want a hug? I give you a
hug?" He said,
"No, I want
nothing. Absolutely
nothing." And when he said
that, you know, my heart
It was just an over an overwhelm an
overwhelming feeling of
joy. Okay, my dad is here
because he wants to be my
dad. That's
huge. That's everything. That's that's
what I haven't
had for years and years and years.
So, if there was ever a time that I was
going to kind of get some of that
feeling and love back, this was the time
I needed it. And he was there to do it.
I'll never forget that. Him being there
that night for
sure. You know, it gave me those few
extra
percentages to put into that
performance. People say
You were finished. But by the eighth
round, you had no your legs were
gone. How did you throw 300 punches in
the last two
rounds? Well, I had to come outside of
myself. It became
spiritual. It wasn't about the
physical. I was dehydrated.
I was experiencing all the things that
had been restricting me
um leading up to the
fight. So it it became not about the
physical. It came about the spiritual.
It became about just being
true. Just being the man I know I can
be.
I told you a story once about being on
that
treadmill
and you've got that cramp in your in
your
foot, but you said you was going to do
the 10
miles. So, you've got to limp on that
treadmill for as long as you have to to
complete the
task. No one's around. No one's
watching, but you you keep your ass on
that treadmill and you get through it.
You get through the
pain. That
mentality is what was able
to get me through those last two, three
rounds. I never gave up in the gyms.
When I was getting beaten up in
sparring, I never quit. I would come
back the next day. When I got the
cramps, I kept going because I always
knew there would be fights like this
where you don't have anything left or
you want to give up or you're hurt,
you're dehydrated or you're injured or
you're
cut, you know, you can't can't see
anything out of your of your eye. You
got a big cut across your
eye and you're going to ask yourself
that question getting up off the stool
in the in the ninth in the in the 10th
round.
Should I give
up? Should I Should I take a knee?
Should I Should I
run? No. We are
going to war. We are going to leave
everything we have in this ring because
this
fight is going to be remembered forever.
So what you choose to do in these last
few
rounds, that is what the people are
going to remember you by for the rest of
your
life. Did you come
forward? Did you put it all on the line
or did you
retreat? I wasn't willing to go the rest
of my life knowing that I didn't give it
my all. regardless of the cut,
regardless of everything I was going
through, I knew I just I had to do what
I had to do to win. And my old man's
there. He's
watching. And you know, he didn't
believe I'll be able to do what I'm
doing. That's what he's been saying for
years. I've got to show him. I've got to
show the
world. And I've got to show myself
that I'm capable of great
things and I'm capable
of going through things that
99.999% of human beings on this earth
were not willing to go through and that
will live
forever. And that's a beautiful feeling.
a week after the fight sitting here
talking about it. There's no amount of
money that can buy the feelings that I
have now. And that is the genuine
truth. The the how proud I am of what we
achieved in that in that
fight. It's
priceless. It's something that you know
on your deathbed in 60 years time you're
thinking about it. Yeah, I did that.
You can't get that from
money. You can't get that from
fame. You get that from years and years
and years of graft, hard
work, and just being
true, not cutting corners, not cheating,
um not being a
bully. Chris, everybody has a different
relationship with their family. You've
always been a seemingly quite
emotionless individual, very cold
exterior as you've described it
yourself. So, it's really moving and
interesting to
hear how much your dad meant to you. And
as you were speaking, I was thinking
about to all these interviews I've seen
of you over the years where you cite him
as your biggest role model in
life. I've kind of got two points. The
first, I guess, is a point which is just
I had no idea he meant that much to you.
I had no idea. And secondly, the
question
is what caused that
relationship to
strain? My father is an extremely proud
and an
extremely intense human
being. He has his ways of thinking. He
has his ways of living,
teaching,
parenting, and it's his way or the
highway. Nothing else works in his
opinion. It got to a stage in my life
where I decided
to walk my own path, separate myself
from this
massive
character in my father.
You know, I had grown up with this
pressure and this
responsibility
and it became too
much. I was
known for being the son of for so many
years she makes
son. And I I I kind of whenever I would
hear that, you know, well, at least they
know who I am. But it got to a stage
where I was like, how do I
get away from
that? How do I
[Music]
become just
me? You know, how do I become Chris
Eubank, not the son of a legend? And it
dawned on me eventually. I The only way
to do that is to be separate from it in
boxing.
I'm not talking about as a
father. Talking about in terms of my
career, in terms of the decision-
making, in terms of the training, in
terms of the fighting, in terms of the
media, the press conferences, these were
all things that he was right by my side
for my entire career. I knew that to get
away from the
shadow, I had to start doing it on my
own. Did you write him a letter?
Yeah. explaining exactly that. I told
him, "I'm going to write my own book one
day." The book can't
be, "Oh, well, my dad told me to do
this, so I did it. My dad said don't
take that fight, so I didn't take that
fight. He told me to train that way and
and go here and and wear that." It's not
a book. It's not a life. I need to be
able to write my own story into history.
What did that letter say that you wrote
to him? And why didn't you tell him to
his face? I needed him
to
understand
and read
it and reread it and reread
it without interruption.
You know, if I'm talking to him like I'm
talking to you, as soon as something is
said that is maybe a little
bit I don't like that or I don't agree
with that, he will be ready to jump in
and and and say his
point. I had to I had to get the whole
thing
out. Couldn't be in conversation.
I said to him, I am the
boss. And that broke
him. He couldn't handle
that. He had been the boss my entire
life. He had been in charge of who I
fought. He had been in charge of my
financials. He had been in charge of my
contracts. He was the boss. So to for a
boss to hear that he's not the boss
anymore, that strained the relationship.
Oh, you don't want me to you don't want
me to be a part of your career anymore?
All right. Well, then
bye. That was his reaction. It shouldn't
have been that way, but that's how he
dealt with the disappointment and the
frustration of what I was doing, which
was going my own way. Then you have
the tragedy of my brother Sebastian
passing away. And this would have
happened
maybe a year or two after I sent that
letter. That affected him deeply. It
affected all of us deeply.
But yeah, it it affected him so
much
that, you know, you add those two things
together. He's already upset with how
I've spoken to him and what I'm doing in
my career. my brother passes away and
that caused him to do certain things in
his life
which you know I don't like talking
about it but I'm going to talk about it
because it was actually documented. If
it wasn't documented I wouldn't speak
about this and I've never spoken about
it. He started smoking
marijuana, I guess, to
um deal with
the hardship of losing a
son. Everybody deals with these things
in their own ways. I can't fault him for
that.
But I I think that
that, you know, that changed him as as a
man in terms of his mindset.
And it caused it caused an even bigger
gap between us
which you know we never recovered from
up
until last
weekend. Since that night before the
night the fight and every day since then
it's been all love between me and my old
man which is incredible to think.
You know, I was in hospital for two days
after the fight. He didn't leave the
hospital. And when I say didn't leave
the hospital, I mean like he's sleeping
on, you know, one of these
stretches outside my
room, just in the
hallway. That means everything to me.
regardless of the differences and the
and the things that have been said and
done. You know, a man who is going to
stay by his son like
that, that's
love. You know, it's been so long since
I've had that type of feeling with him.
And you only get one
father. So now we are going to build.
We're going to build. We're going to
build. And I think our relationship is
only going to get stronger and stronger
and stronger. I said it before the
fight. This fight is either going to
help us build or it's going to break us
even more. I don't know. It was up to
him really. And he chose for this fight
to be the thing that the catalyst for us
to be able to build. And I thank God for
that. Did his absence and hearing him
call you a disgrace and all of the stuff
he was doing in the media ahead of the
fight in many respects to stop the fight
it seemed at times? I I actually watched
an interview I think the day or the day
before the fight where he was in tears
kept saying to a boxing journalist that
the fight shouldn't go ahead and
expressing you know his concerns about
the fight
etc. Did it impact your mental health?
It was
upsetting. It was
distracting. It was horrible knowing
that, you
know, this deeply personal situation we
have is now fully public. It's all over
Tik Tok. It's all over
Instagram. You know, the
headlines Chris Eubank senior calls his
son a disgrace. You know, millions of
people are watching these interviews.
So, for sure, it affects your mental
health, your mental well-being. It's
negative and it's deeply personal, and
you don't want that in the public. It's
a it's it's one thing dealing with
family
issues, you know, between your family,
but when everyone else knows what's
going on, it's tough, you know, and and
it and it came out of me in that last
press conference, Connor Ben talking
about, ah, well, yeah, you just worry
about making weight. And at that time, I
was making weight. And I was in
pain. And I said, "I'm I'm in pain right
now, and I'm in going to be even more
pain tonight, and I'm going to be even
more pain tomorrow morning when I've got
to lose those last few pounds." I have
the actual quote here. You said, "The
weight is painful. I'll be in even more
pain tonight and tomorrow." The question
I ask myself is, "What is pain? I have a
31-year-old brother that is buried in
the desert in Dubai. That's pain. I have
his son, Raheem, who is three, asking
why he can't see his dad. Why doesn't he
take me to school? That's pain. My own
father, a man I've idolized my entire
life, and we haven't spoken for years,
and he thinks I'm a disgrace. These
things are pain to
me.
Yeah. And you know, I am not an
emotional guy, especially not in
boxing, but in that moment, that's what
I'm thinking.
you know, yeah, this this weight cut and
this re rehydration
clause [__] hurts, but guess what? It
isn't anything compared
to those three things that I listed and
all and and and the other things that
are going on in my personal life that
I'm having to deal with and struggle
with
um all while getting ready for this huge
fight.
So if I can if I can deal with those
things
then what is cutting weight? What is
dehydrating and starving myself to make
a weight? It's
nothing you know it's it's a it's a
moment of it's a moment of
discomfort. You know, my brother passing
away. Raheem not
understanding that his father is not
with us. Questioning, why doesn't he
take me to school? I see all these other
kids. They're coming into school with
the dads. Why does my dad take me to
school? Why can't I see my daddy? You
say he's at the office. Where's the
office? Let's go to the office and see
my daddy. My own
father. You he's a disgrace. These these
are these are moments. These are not
moments of pain. This is this is pain
that lives with you
forever. So that they're
incomparable, you know. So when
Conorman's talking about, I you know,
you just worry about making weight.
Don't worry about the weight, mate. The
weight's fine. I got I got a lot worse
issues than the weight. The weight's
going to come off. That I think that was
the first time that I kind of
got caught up a little bit in what was
going on in my life.
And um the people saw that and
they I guess they they loved seeing that
vulnerable side to me
uh because it's real and it's what it's
what millions and billions of people are
dealing with in their own
lives. So to see somebody who's a
fighter, who's big and strong and tough
having to go through the same things,
it's
uh you know, it's a it's a very it's a
humbling thing to see.
And it's one of the reasons why, you
know, when I'm walking to the ring,
there there are people
crying. His dad
came. His dad was there for him after
all that. They're
together. You know, I'm going to call my
dad after this fight. That's what people
tell me after the fight. I called my dad
straight
away. Haven't spoke to him for months,
years. Called him.
Were you thinking about your younger
brother in the buildup to the fight? And
as you walked out and during the fight,
does that come into your
mind? There is a
picture there was a picture of him on my
shorts right on the
side and he's
screaming and his name's on the bottom
of my shorts.
Sebastian.
Um, that fire, you know, I'm I'm looking
at that picture before I'm putting the
shorts on like, yeah, I'm using that
energy. This is for you. This is for
Raheem. This is for the family. This is
for the
Eubanks. I can't look at that
picture and lose. It's impossible.
It's
impossible. Raheem has had a big impact
on
you.
Massive. Never
thought Never thought that I could
experience the love and the
warmth that I have when I'm around
him. I was never the type of guy like, I
want, you know, I want I want a kid. I
want I want kids. I want
that. I never got it.
I just I guess I was just too busy with
my own life, my own career, my own
issues. Raheem comes into my
life.
Uh and it
just the love I have around
him, it makes me want to have my own
son. And Raheem is my son, but
biologically I want to have my own son
now because I love who I am and how I
feel when I'm around him. When I'm
teaching him things, when I'm taking him
to places and watching him grow and
watching him learn new words and new
expressions, it makes me really happy,
you know. And before Raheem, I thought
happiness was uh, you know, a big win at
a poker table or winning a fight or
going on some amazing
trip. and those do make me happy. But
it's it's a whole different level when
you're with another human being who you
love and you're getting to show him the
world and teach him things and watch him
grow. It's incredible. So,
um, yeah, I thank God for him every day.
Is it out in the the public domain the
circumstances around your brother's
death?
Uh, I'm I'm not 100% sure, but
um he dr he drowned. He drowned. He
drowned in Dubai. Yeah, he
um he had
uh I don't know if it was a heart
attack. It was like
a something happened with his
heart. And of all places, he's having a
he's swimming in the sea.
And he, you know, it it switched him off
for a second and that second he's
obviously in the water and he went under
and um
you know how insane is that? The the guy
you saw him? Yeah. Jack muscles.
He he makes his own green juices every
day. Uh alkaline. Alkaline. Yeah. That
was his nickname for anybody that's
alkaline.
Yes. You know, health fanatic.
And in a split second he's
gone. Uh it's just and it you know it it
just put things into perspective and it
just makes you appreciate and respect
life so much more because you understand
that it can be taken away at any any
time, you know. And it doesn't have to
be some crazy car crash
or, you know, it can just be you're
swimming. You know, you're swimming and
then you're not there
anymore.
Um, and it makes you live your life with
so much more respect and responsibility
and appreciation.
You know, before
that, I'd have days or weeks where I
would just, you know, I'd [__]
around, waste time, video
games,
TV, you
know, around people I shouldn't be
hanging around
with, things that were not productive in
any way, shape, or form. And yes, you
still, you know, you still have to have
those moments in your life where you can
just kind of
do whatever. Nobody's, you know,
nobody's going to be righteous every day
of their lives. But what it what what
experiencing something like this does is
it makes
you aware of life and how precious it
is. And it just makes you strive to be a
better person so much more because you
know
that you know we have a finite amount of
time on this earth you know. So are you
going to make it
count? Are you going to make it count or
are you going to waste it? There are
people out there who would kill for the
lives that we
have. So how can you not be grateful?
How can you not be respectful and
responsible with your time?
You know, we are
free. We're free. We did it. We made
it. Billions and pe billions and
billions of people on this planet will
never know what it is to be free. And by
terms in terms of free, I mean, you
know, you're not waking up and working,
you know, 12-hour shifts just so that
you can eat to and
live. You know, we have free time. We
have leisure. We have
uh you know disposable
income. People don't have these
things. So you've got to be respectful.
You got to be grateful. You've got to be
responsible with what you're doing. With
all of this on your mind heading into
that fight, I remember the last before
the last fight was cancelled, you were
saying that you'd be at 60% for the
fight and you go in there and beat him.
What percentage were you at? And I'm
kind of coming back to this question
again because you're really trying to
get that out of me. Yeah. It's it's
really I am trying to understand if what
I saw was true. Like when I when I saw
you in those first couple of rounds, I'm
stood there kind of confused and
concerned at ringside cuz I'm like this
ain't how he used to look. This ain't
what you look like in the other fights.
In those early rounds, I was like, he
doesn't look like he has the same
strength and speed. Well, I had a, you
know, regardless of what happened
outside
of my training camp and all the things I
was going through, I had a rehydration
restriction. Explain this for people who
don't know. Explain what weight you're
at, right? You're you were at before the
fight, how much weight you cut, and then
what the restrictions say you have to
do. So, you know, and I'm I'm not saying
this uh
for sympathy or as an excuse. It was my
own doing. I take full
responsibility. And I say that
because they said, "We want to have a
weight or rehydration restriction on
you." You you can weigh in at the middle
weight limit of 160
lbs, but the next but you can only put
on 10 lbs before the fight. Mhm. Usually
there's no restriction on what you eat
and drink. You just refuel and replenish
your body to as much as you can so that
you have full energy for the fight. What
weight do you walk around at? Just for
context. So in context, I usually put on
maybe 14 or 15 pounds after after a
weigh in. So I, you know,
I, but I could only put on
£10 for the fight. If I go over
the£10, I've got to
pay million dollar fine. But if I saw
you in the street in like two months
time, what weight would you be at? Well,
now if I'm not in a camp and I'm not
training, then I'll probably
be, I don't know, 180 185 pounds. Okay.
So 185. So, you've got to lose roughly
25 lbs to get in shape for the fight to
make weight, which is, you know, it's
doable. It gets harder as you get older,
that's for sure. Your your metabolism
slows down. It becomes harder to shed
those last few pounds. And it was hard.
I I documented my weight cut for this
fight. You know, I was I was in I was in
sweatuits and I had to be wrapped in uh
in these heated sheets and I lay there
for half an hour and I'm just sweating
everything out and then I'm in, you
know, I'm I'm doing all these things to
just drain my body of of all the of all
the fluids and it's it's torture. You're
torturing yourself. You're literally
torturing yourself doing this. But
you've got to make the weight. If you
don't make the
weight, they're coming for that cash,
baby. You know, and that's what they've
done.
Unfortunately, they got me on
the on the middleweight limit. I was 05
Z5 pounds over the middle limit. I
didn't mess up on the rehydration
clause. So, the next day, I didn't go
over the 10 pounds. But that the fact
that I had to restrict what I was eating
and drinking after my weigh-in that that
takes percentages off of your
performance naturally. You check in at
160 pounds the day before and the
rehydration clause says is it 8:00 a.m.
the next day you have to weigh again.
Yes. So I I it was between 8 and 12.
Okay. Oh, so 8 and 12. Yeah. You have to
weigh again. So I think at 12:00 I
weighed in at 169.4.
Yeah. So, you can't gain more than 10
pounds um overnight, which means you
can't be drinking too much or eating too
much of what you want to eat. There
should have been no rehydration
restriction in the first place. If you'd
said no to it, would the fight have
still gone ahead? Yes. So, why didn't
you say no to it? Why do you think
they paid you more? Absolutely.
How did you Did you get paid an eight
figure number for this fight?
Yes. Okay. H I was so confident in my
ability to beat Connor
Ben that I thought, you know what? If
you guys want a rate restriction so
badly, I'll let you have it. Did you get
paid the same? But you got to show me
the money. I'm not doing it for free.
You named your price, didn't you? I
heard. Yes, I did. And Turkey said,
"Yes." Yes, he did. At the first number
you named, you [__] up.
I should have got oh man I could have
got cars or you know you should have
doubled it and then come down and met
them halfway. But that's the thing you
know when you're negotiating with
promoters or
broadcasters, you know, you come in high
expecting them to come in low and then
you you know I know this and then that
then that's usually what
happens. The Saudis are not they're not
normal people. They don't have normal
money. So a number that you think is
[__] great to them
is just yala, you
know.
Um but again, I said I'm not greedy. It,
you know, they paid me, you know,
life-changing amounts of money. That's
another reason why I did what I did in
that
ring. I have a
duty to boxing, to the people, to the
fans. We can't be making the types of
money we're
making and and give half-ass
performances. Mhm. That's disrespectful
to people, to the sport, to the
fans. You know, we are blessed. We are
privileged to be in these positions.
earn earn your keep.
Do you get paid on the performance of
the fight as well or do you just get
paid a lump sum? How does how does it
work? Because you you called Turkey
Turkey, his excellency, you said a big
number, he says yes. Do you get
incentivized on how the fight does in
terms of pay-per-view? That is well that
that's all that all comes in the
contract. So, you know, you have your
purse. Yeah. And then you will agree
on if we get to 500,000 buys, then I get
a percentage. Okay? And then if it hits
600, I get a percentage, you know. So
you work it you work it like that. Or
just say, "All right, well, we'll just
pay you this lump sum and then we get
all of the pay-per-view." Yeah. You
know, it just depends on how you
negotiate. And so you you got part of
the performance element as well. I'm not
going to go into details on that
specific part of the contract. In my
head, I'm trying to figure out how much
that one fight made you
because can you tell me how many
multiples it was more than your previous
fights?
I'm just trying to that give me sort of
an idea of the scale of this in terms of
a financial I mean it's eight you said
eight figures, right? So how much more
of a scale do you need? No, but I mean I
mean what do you normally get paid is
normally getting paid seven figures?
Couple couple million. Okay, fine. So,
this is like five times more potentially
minimum. Yeah, it was um you know, I
don't have to box again. Let's put it
that way. But the beautiful thing is at
35 years old, I'm still
hungry. I'm still hungry for success in
the sport. I'm still hungry for
accolades. I'm still hungry to please
the fans. You know, a lot of
times it's happened throughout history.
Fighters will get paid big for a fight
and then they lose that hunger. They
lose that dedication, that respect for
the industry. Oh, well, I've done it
now. Now I'm, you know, let's go to the
club. Let's pop the bottles. Let's
celebrate. Let's travel. Let's buy this
car and this watch, this
house. Oh, it's gym today. I was
tomorrow. Tomorrow, tomorrow, it's okay.
It's okay. That's the trap that so many
fighters fall into. And that's why I
have so much respect for Floyd
Mayweather. He has made a disgusting
amount of money. And his performances
and his dedication never ever ever
changed. That is, you know, it's
incredible because guys, they make their
first million and their head's gone. Oh,
I made it. All right, cool.
No, it's not cool. You know, boxing is a
lifestyle. It isn't a one training camp.
It isn't one fight. It is a
lifetime of dedication and sacrifice.
Which is
why I never gave up going through all
the things I was going through leading
up to this fight.
because I know I've put the work in
since I was 14 years old. So, it doesn't
matter what's going on in these two
months. I've served my
time. I've been through the trenches
time and time and time and time again.
And I've always found a way to
survive. So, I'm going to do it now.
Not, oh well, there's weight clauses and
my dad is giving me issues and this and
that and that, so I, you know, this is
going to be tough. Maybe I shouldn't do
this. No, you're going to get through it
just like you got through that treadmill
run. Just like you got through that cut
in that fight, just like you got through
in that cramp in your leg in that
fight, you you build up a tolerance for
pain and suffering. You did look like a
man possessed at moments in the fight.
To me, you looked like a man that had
nothing left in the tank, but one that
was still possessed, as you've kind of
said, by something else. Because even
when it looked to me like there was no
energy left, your arms were still
swinging and you were still marching
forward. So, it was it was confusing.
It's always confusing to me cuz I when I
feel like that, like I don't have that
reserve tank, which was something else
like I actually can't swing my arms.
There was no reserve tank. There was
nothing left. What's what's going
through your head in those moments when
you you've got no energy, but Connor
Benner is in front of you and there's
still minutes left in the round. Are you
thinking? Is
it is it like a conscious? Yeah. What
are you thinking? You know, I remember
going back to the corner in the
uh maybe the eighth round, seventh or
eighth round, and I can hear my
trainer and my and my cornerman. Got to
use the jab, Chris. You just stand your
jab. You're good. Control the
jab. Use your
feet. I looked at him. I said, "It's too
late.
It's too late. I'm
sorry. What's going to happen is going
to happen. You'll
see. There was a look of
confusion on their
faces. You know, when you have an
instruction from a trainer and a team,
you're supposed to abide by it. So, when
I'm telling them it's too
late, what do you think it's too
late? I had already gone into war mode.
Once you once you
commit as a fighter, once you commit to
a
certain path you're going to walk
down, it's it's pretty much impossible
to then switch
back. I had a
cut from a headbutt. You know, the blood
was going down into my I couldn't
see. Fights can get stopped from cuts.
Soon as that cut happened, I knew that
there was no more boxing. There was no
more jabbing. There was no more
technicality. There was no more being
pretty with it.
Defense.
Nope. It's go time now, baby. We're
going to see how much this kid really
wants it. Because I want it. I don't
know how much he wants it. We're going
to find out. Let's find out.
come forward, you attack, you walk
through the punches. It doesn't look
good. Doesn't look pretty. It's not
boxing. It is trench warfare. You know,
when you're dehydrated as well after the
fight, my face is swollen up. And that's
not from the punches. That's
from severe dehydration.
It's this it's this this weird thing
where like when your body doesn't have
any moisture in it and you're
dehydrated, your face puffs up. I think
it's just the skin is weak and it just
puffs up. And that's
what what I was suffering with most in
hospital was
just complete dehydration. It got to a
point
where I was in the hospital and I was
lying in the
bed and they they had
um drips. IV drips to get all the the
liquid into your into your system.
And my bladder was full. Like I really
needed to
pee for about two hours. I'd get up, go
to the toilet, I stand over the
toilet. Come on, man. Come on. Would not
go. And I'm dying to go. That's how de
dehydrated it was. That my body would
not let any liquids, any moisture go. It
was holding on to
everything. There were
moments in that hospital where I'm
feeling, you know, I saw myself, I
caught myself in the mirror. I see my
face is all puffed up. This massive cut
across my eye. Got my headache is
crazy, you know, and I'm feeling sorry
for myself. I'm like, this is [__] up.
You know, I got my family around me
there. You know, some of them are crying
and I'm like, this is really this is so
bad. I'm lying there. I've got my mask
on. Oxygen
mask. I can hear everything that's going
on. Somebody in a ward. Somebody gets
wheeled into the room next to me. And
it's only, you know,
it's there's no walls. It's like sheets
just separating.
I'm looking up. I'm like, "Oh man, this
is so
bad. Get me the morphine. Get me the
morphine." They can't get the They can't
get you the morphine until they sign off
on some stuff. So, I'm waiting there.
This is so bad. And then I hear the
doctor
say, "We have to operate on him now.
Otherwise, he's going to
die." I heard that from the other
room, and I thought, "Oh my
god, I'm I'm great. I'm blessed. I I
should not be feeling sorry for myself
at all because I, you know, I knew I was
in pain,
but there's a guy next to me. He's about
to
die. What am I doing feeling bad for
myself and complaining about a headache
and and a cut eye? He's about to die.
And I do I don't know, you know, they
they wheeled him off and I don't know
what happened to him. I you know, I pray
that he's okay. But that put everything
into perspective for me. You know, I'm
okay. I'm blessed. I'm going to be okay.
Quick one. I want to talk about
something we all need to take seriously,
which is cyber security. Whether you're
a first-time founder facing your very
first audit or a seasoned professional
who's been through it all, staying
compliant is getting more critical than
ever and more complicated, I have to
say. And that is where Vanta comes in,
who is a sponsor of this podcast. Vanta
takes the pain out of security
compliance, automating the tedious but
essential process of proving your
business is secure across over 35
frameworks like SOCK 2 ISO
2701. Centralize your workflows, answer
security questions up to five times
faster, and protect your business
without losing focus on growth. And this
is really a critical part of this. A new
IDC white paper found that companies
using Vant save over
$535,000 a year. and it pays for itself
in just three months. For a limited
time, my community gets $1,000 off Vanta
at
vanter.com/stephven. That's van
ta.com/stephven for $1,000 off. When you
talk about the fight, you say what we
did. You're referring to you and Connor
did. Have you got a newfound respect and
appreciation for him? Because before the
fight, that was certainly not the case.
I said it after the fight. I wasn't
expecting him to be able to do what he
did in terms of show the
heart and the determination and the will
to win. He never gave up. I didn't know
he had that in
him. I hadn't prepared for a 12 round
fight like that. I thought that I would
get to five or six rounds, he'd start
feeling the pace, and he'd look for a
way out. He did not do that.
So in that
respect I have respect for
him. The fight
finished. I did not shake his hand. I
didn't congratulate him. I didn't speak
to him. I didn't hug
him, which is what most fighters, pretty
much all fighters do after they fight.
And especially a fight like that, you
would expect
that. I couldn't do it. I didn't have it
in
me because in my
mind, you know, this kid is still a
drugs
cheat. He still tried to cheat in our
first fight. Failed two drugs
tests. Never owned up to it. Denied it.
Denied it. Denied it. No apologies.
There's no admittance, no matting
up. I can't forgive that. I can't
respect that. I can't shake that
hand until there is some
accountability. He's not going to give
it. You know, I have to set an example
to the kids that are watching this
fight, that are watching these scenes.
You know, if you cheat, if you take
performance-enhancing drugs, you don't
get
respect from me. I can't give you that
respect because there are kids who are
saying, "Oh, well, hold on. He was doing
drugs a couple couple years ago. He got
caught, but now it's okay." You know,
you So, this really did bother you. I
wasn't sure if that was just part of an
act to sort of promote the fight. you
would you know the egg slap the
constantly baiting him about this um the
voluntary anti the the doping ban that
he had. So July I think it was July 2022
or September 2022 Connor Ben failed two
voluntary anti-doping tests for
clomophene testosterone boosting
substance and therefore the original
fight was
cancelled. Um the UK anti-doping
association formally suspended Connor
for a doping violation. They reinstated
Connor citing after citing egg
contamination and then reinstated
Connor's suspension following an appeal.
Ultimately, in November 2024, Connor was
cleared to fight after the panel ruled
that they had failed to prove
intentional use. I wasn't sure if you
were actually really bothered by this or
whether it was part of the promotion of
the fight.
Bothered is an understatement. Really?
Yeah. I don't hold grudges.
I am I am a man that can
forgive. Never forget, but I can
forgive. Um, but when it comes to
something as serious as drug cheating in
this sport, you saw what we had to go
through.
So if somebody's got something in their
system which is going to make them fight
harder, take more punishment, react
quicker, you know, that is a form
of attempted murder. In my
opinion, you're going into a
fight with extra weaponry. Is it
possible that he didn't intentionally
take something in your view? Have you
considered that? Do you know for me as
just an onlooker I saw him the emotional
impact it had on him. I saw him in
tears. I saw him talking about suicidal
ideiation after that came out. And there
was a part of me that did wonder for a
second maybe something did happen
because that is the reaction of someone
who is truly deeply devastated in a way
that an innocent person would be. And
imagine if he is innocent. Imagine if he
didn't intentionally take something.
You can be suicidal and
devastated after getting caught doing
something you shouldn't have done. You
can still have that
reaction. Let's say
that he did
unintentionally take these drugs.
Somebody slipped something into his
drink.
Somebody contaminated his eggs.
Somebody injected something into him
when he was at a doctor's appointment. I
don't know. However you want to, however
you want to fantasize
this beautiful
story. Let's say that this impossible
thing has
happened. As a fighter, as an
athlete, you only have a few jobs that
you have to
do. You have to train hard to go to
sleep on
time. You have to prepare. You have
to, you know, you have to
um make sure that your diet, your fluid
intake is on point so that you have the
energy to go into these uh to these
fights into these sporting events and be
able to compete at the highest ability
you can. Aside from that, there's not
much else we have to do as an athlete.
It's your
job to know exactly what you are putting
into your body. Whether it's food,
whether it's fluid, whether
it's drugs, you have to know. That's
your job.
So, if you're irresponsible enough to
let
somebody slip something by to where you
fail not one but two drugs tests, if
you're irresponsible enough for that to
happen, then you're still a cheat. Could
you shake his hand now? I I told you I
didn't shake his hand after the fight.
One, because he's never owned up to it.
And
two, you know, it's very likely that we
are going to be fighting again. You
slapped him with an egg in a press
conference beforehand and you were fined
£100,000 for that slap with the
egg. Do you regret the egg slap?
Worth every penny, my friend. Really?
Yeah. It
was a
symbol. It was It wasn't an act of
violence. It was an act of justice. It
was an act to make sure that for the
rest of his life he will never be
[Music]
able to forget what he
did. People will always
know he remember that time maybe human
hit him with an egg that will go that
will be with him for the rest of his
life and that's what he deserves for
failing those drugs tests. So many times
fighters, they fail drug tests, they
serve a little ban, they pay a fine,
they're back in the ring, and people
kind of just
forget, kind of just get swept under.
Oh, don't talk about that. Come on. You
know, he's doing so well now. Come on.
He served his time. No, no, no, no. This
kid is not He's not getting that. I'm
going to put this egg across his chin.
There's going to be pictures that are
going to circulate around the
world. That memory will stay with him
for the rest of his life. He will he
will always be known for that. Why was
it an egg? Why did he hit him with an
egg? Oh, cuz he was treating with drugs
and it was it was a contaminated egg or
something like that. I want that story
to live with him. There's a rematch
clause. I'm assuming the rematch clause
I don't know how these things work, but
I'm assuming you get paid the same
again. You get paid more. You get paid
more to do the rematch. Absolutely.
Really? Yeah.
You know this that's this is business.
You you know the fight will be bigger.
Okay. The fight will sell more
pay-per-views. It will sell more
tickets. It will there will be a you
can't you know you can't get paid the
same. If you lose, you get paid less.
That's how boxing works. So if you'd
lost this fight, you would have got paid
less. Absolutely. Significantly less. I
mean, it would still be incredible
numbers, but yes, you'd lose millions.
Millions if you lose the fight. For
sure. Interesting. But that's, you know,
that's not just because we're working
with the Saudis. That's boxing in
general. Yeah. You're, they say in
boxing, you're only as good as your last
fight. If you win, you can demand more
the next time. If you lose, well, you
lost, so we're going to give you this.
So, this rematch clause, if you decided
to walk away now or Connor decided to
walk away now, is there any penalty?
It's a good question. I don't know if
there's a penalty. May Well, yeah, I'm
maybe I could be sued. Okay. Yeah,
there's there's probably, you know, all
that stuff I have, you know, lawyers
that deal out all the all the small
print, but you know, in all
honesty, you
know, I was like, you guys want you guys
want to sign a rematch clause for this?
No one's going to want to see a rematch
after I do this what I'm going to do to
you. That's what was in my head. I was
like, they're contracting me. They have
to deliver a rematch. They have to pay
me a this this amount of money
minimum. This is amazing because I'm
going to go out there. I'm going to
blast this guy out and then, you know,
and people are probably aren't going to
want to see a rematch. So, this is
amazing that I'm going to actually get
it contracted in. Now, did you even
think that in the day before the fight
when you were
struggling? Did you even think you were
going to blow him out even when you were
struggling? That's how much I didn't
respect the um not even the ability cuz
I knew he had ability, but the mindset.
Were there people around you encouraging
you or floating the idea of you pulling
out of the fight because of your health
condition?
I never said I had a health condition.
You are, you know, kind of listening to
what I've said and that's what you've
taken away from it. I'm not confirming
or denying that. Just to make that
clear.
[Music]
Um, I'm not going to answer that
question either. Okay. So, does that
mean that there is going to be the
rematch this year?
I mean
contractually that is what is on paper.
Um Turkeykey's already booked the arena.
I hear he's already booked it in
September. I doubt that it's already
been booked but you know they have their
plans they have their direction and you
know with with the Saudis when they want
something they get it you know nobody
stops them from doing what they want to
do. So, um it's it's very likely that
that fight will happen again at some
point this year. And do you want that
fight next? I want what the fans
want. You know, if the fans want to see
it
next, who am I to to say no? You know,
it's um it's a fight that's inspired
people.
I got I got friends calling me up
messaging me, "Oh, my son I took my son
down to the boxing gym for the first
time today." Like, it's getting kids
into
gyms, you know? I never wanted to box
before. He plays football every day. Now
he's in the boxing gym and sending me
pictures of hitting the bags and stuff.
It's amazing. Crazy. How much better do
you think you could be as a percentage?
Um, if every, you know, dad's back in
your corner
now, you you're going to be a bit more
versed in, I guess, preparation with the
weight cut or whatever. You said there's
pointed out a few things you said you
would have done differently. Well, I I
fought him. I've lived with him for 12
rounds. I know what he is, what he's
capable of.
So, in that aspect, the next
fight for me should be a hell of a lot
easier because, you know, I'm one of
them fighters. You know, all I need is
all I need is to experience it one
time and then I know what to do with
you. That's how I've always been,
especially in like sparring. Mhm. I
remember the first time the first time I
ever went into a gym. I can't remember
if I told you the story, but I I got my
ass battered for three rounds. The first
time I ever went to a boxing gym, but I
knew what he was. I knew how strong he
was. I knew how fast he was. I knew the
type of punches he
threw. So, after two months of training
and preparation, I got back into the
ring with that same guy and I battered
him. That's all I thought about, you
know.
So, I believe the same thing will happen
with Connor. I won the first fight and I
got to experience what he
is. There's so many things I know now
about him that I can practice, perfect,
tweak, tailor my performance to to take
advantage of his weaknesses. And he will
probably do the same with me. Yeah. But
my
experience is so more superior to what
he is in terms of what I've done and
what I've the guys I've faced. I know
how to capitalize on being with a ring
in a ring with somebody before that he
doesn't. I've been in rematches before.
I rematched Liam Smith who beat me in
the first fight. Uh and the second
fight blew him out of the water. So I
know what it is to do that. He doesn't.
Was Connor faster than you were
expecting? Yep. Was he stronger than you
expecting? Yep.
Stronger, faster,
tougher, and more most importantly
is more mentally
prepared and more mentally
willing to put it all on the line. That
was the most shocking thing to me. I
didn't think
he had that in him to stay in there and
show that
dog. We both had to be dogs at the end
of that fight and throughout the entire
fight. I didn't know he had any dog in
him. I thought he was the type of guy if
it's not going my way, I'm going to look
for a way
out. He's not that guy.
So, how does that feel know knowing now
that you're getting into the ring again
potentially in September this year with
someone who is absolutely unwilling to
quit? That is an absolute dog. That is
also learned from
you. Is there not an element of you that
goes, "Fucking hell, you know, I'd
rather avoid that. I've got eight
figures in the bank and you know, I
could I could buy a boat. I could chill
or I could go back in that ring with
that that dog and might bust my eye and
be back in hospital. I'm going to have
to go through the cut weight cut again
and the dehydration again. And it's
um exciting. You know, I'm sick in that
way in that I love being in these
positions
[Music]
where what's going to happen? Am I going
to be able to do it? I live for that. I
live for those moments. These are the
moments that when I'm 60, 70, 80 years
old, I'm going to look at and be like,
"Wow, I did that." You're sick in the
head. Well, you have to be sick to to be
in a fight like
that, come out of the ring a week later
and think, you know what? I can't wait
to do that again. That is kind of sick.
You know, I'm dehydrated. I'm cut. I'm
tired. I'm in pain. There's something
sick about it. But you have to
be you have to be wired differently to
be a fighter of any type of grade. You
can't be a normal human being. Most most
human beings when they're in painful
situations, what can I do to avoid that?
I want to get into it
more. See how far I can
go. Can he break me? No. But let's find
out if he can. So talk to me about the
walk out. The fight was legendary. The
buildup was legendary, but the walk out
was also legendary. I've seen I walked I
watched the walk out 50 times. Yeah, I
watched it like 15 times. It was iconic.
Wow. It made me fall in love with uh the
Dre song again. Yeah. Yeah. That's
that's that's that's my anthem. That's
the song I've been walking out to for my
entire career. So to have an orchestra
playing that behind me was special. Um
you had Simply the Best as well. Yeah.
Simply the best, which I'm guessing was
a last minute addition. Absolutely. We
we're supposed to have an artist. We we
were we had um we were in talks with
uh Central Sea. He was going to bring me
out really and then, you know, obviously
last minute, my old man
uh came into the picture and you know,
we had to cut out all these other things
we were going to do. Um your dad
requested a song, didn't he? So that's
the So he said so he said what do you
want from
me or what what do you think I want? He
said I said I don't know dad. You want a
hug? He said I don't want anything. And
then later on he said you know what
there's one thing. There's a song that I
want you to play at some point in the
walk
out. And I'm like here we go. We already
got Simply the Best. We've got a whole
orchestra for my song, Dr.
Dre. How How are we going to squeeze in
some random song I've never heard
of? But my old man's my old man. And I
was actually kind of
annoyed. Um because I'm like, you
know, the truth is you haven't been
around. You haven't been a part of the
fight. You haven't been a part of the
the whole setup. We've had all these,
you know, all these things, you know,
preparing for the show and now all of a
sudden, you know, you're coming in your
and and you're saying you want this
song. I'm like, you know
what, you being there is what's
important and if you're saying that's
what you want, we will find a way to put
it in. And I listened to the song and I
was like, I didn't get it. I thought
this is just just one of my old man's
kooky requests that you
know even on the
night I'm up on the stage we walk up
onto the stage and look out into the
crowd the simply the best song stops and
in my head I'm thinking oh man that
would have been so much better to just
keep that going you
know and then
this kind of
ethereal tune
pops out over the over the
stadium
and I'm looking out into the crowd and
I'm I'm starting to see people well
up like gez this guy how does this kind
of he always he always you know even
when you think he's crazy or wrong he's
right and this song was like it just it
worked
perfectly with the whole scene. Me and
my old man finally standing together and
there's this like peaceful song that
comes in and we're together and it's
like a beautiful moment that I never
thought would happen that wouldn't have
happened if it was just simply the best
cuz it's a different it's a different
vibe. You know, it took the energy out.
It took it down and it went boom and and
then for everyone to just focus on what
was actually happening. So, we're there
and we're listening to this song and
it's like it's an amazing it's an
amazing moment and then it dropped into
the orchestra. Yeah. And it it was just
perfect. I was like, "Wow." And then it
dropped into the beat as you started
walking. Yeah. It was iconic, you know.
And it's like you can't script this type
of stuff, you know? It's like people say
I keep hearing people say, "Oh, it was
like WWE like you know, but in real
life." And I've never watched WWE so I
don't really know what that means. But
someone was telling me, you know, oh
well, you know, obviously everything's
scripted, but they act like it isn't.
Yeah. So like the commentators and you
know this, but it's all so it was like
that, but it was real and it was
happening in front of everyone for the
first time. Everyone's like, and these
were real reactions. It wasn't it wasn't
fake, you know. It's crazy. The way your
dad like stepped out the car and put one
leg out and then you hear the
commentators like scream. It was Yeah,
it was even that moment. So, it's like,
you know, if I was on that side of the
car, cuz we're we're in the the
Rolls-Royce, but what if I was on that
side? So, then we park up and then it's
me that gets out. Obviously, it's it's
still a a very cool moment, but it's
it's different when
it's that was a good moment for him to
to to be shown, you know, and then I
come in from the side and we hug and we
walk in. And you couldn't hear that the
arena had erupted? No, I didn't know. I
I didn't know until uh until people were
talking about it.
Billy Joe, he tried to get into your
dressing room to do your hand wraps.
Caused a scene outside with our friend
Nappa. Um who I've known a long, long
time. Um Billy
Joe, you had a fight with him in the
past. Um contentious fight. He got the
decision in that fight, but it was a
contentious fight. How do you feel about
Billy Joe?
There's very few people in the sport in
the planet really that
I genuinely
dislike. He is one of those people. Who
do you dislike more, Connor Ben or Billy
Joe? Well, Billy Joe is a drug cheat,
too.
So, Billy Joe. Yeah, because not only is
he a drug gee, but he is actually a
real scummy human being, you know, and I
don't talk about anybody like this. So,
if I'm saying it about him, there's a
reason. He is a bad bad
person. A terrible advocate for the
sport. Just a just a real low-life human
being.
Um, and I don't say that about any of
the guys I fought. I'm not even saying
that about Connor. Even though he
cheated, he's still somebody that
um, you know, I can I can see some of
the things he does and I can see why
people will like him. There's nothing to
like about Billy Jos. And for that
reason, I would love to get my hands on
him because he does have a win over me
that I don't believe he deserves that
many people say that he doesn't deserve.
A lot of people say I won the fight and
it's kind of just something that's been
hanging over me for so long and I just
know that I can beat him and I just know
how much of an enjoyment it would be for
me to set that record straight. So,
that's another fight that's uh a
possibility in the future. So, if you
could draw the your future, if you could
plot your next three
fights and you you had to decide right
now, what would those next three fights
be? In a perfect
world, I feel
like the demand for this Connor Ben
fight is at an all-time high right now.
So, I feel like that would be the fight
to make
next. Then you have Canelo. That is a
fight that I've been wanting
for, you know, for
years. And uh I would love to share the
ring with that
man. And then we could throw Saers in at
the end of it. You know,
this one change has transformed how my
team and I move, train, and think about
our bodies. When Dr. Daniel Lieberman
came on the diio, he explained how
modern shoes with their cushioning and
support are making our feet weaker and
less capable of doing what nature
intended them to do. We've lost the
natural strength and mobility in our
feet, and this is leading to issues like
back pain and knee pain. I'd already
purchased a pair of Viva barefoot shoes.
So, I showed them to Daniel Lieberman
and he told me that they were exactly
the type of shoe that would help me
restore natural foot movement and
rebuild my strength, but I think it was
planticitis that I had where suddenly my
feet started hurting all the time. And
after that, I decided to start
strengthening my own foot by using the
Vivo Barefoots. And research from
Liverpool University has backed this up.
They've shown that wearing Vivo Barefoot
shoes for 6 months can increase foot
strength by up to 60%.
Visit
vivarefoot.com/doac and use code diary
20 from my sponsor for 20% off. A strong
body starts with strong feet. This has
never been done before. A newsletter
that is ran by 100 of the world's top
CEOs. All the time people say to me,
they say, "Can you mentor me? Can you
get this person to mentor me? How do I
find a mentor?" So, here is what we're
going to do. You're going to send me a
question. And the most popular question
you send me, I'm going to text it to 100
CEOs, some of which are the top CEOs in
the world running a hundred billion
dollar companies. And then I'm going to
reply to you via email with how they
answered that question. You might say,
"How do you hold on to a relationship
when you're building a startup? What is
the most important thing if I've got an
idea and don't know where to start?" We
email it to the CEOs. They email back.
We take the five, six top best answers.
We email it to you. I was nervous
because I thought the marketing might
not match the reality, but then I I saw
what the founders were replying with and
their willingness to reply and I thought
actually this is really good and all
you've got to do is sign up completely
free. I have to play you this video
which has gone viral. You know this
video. I ask you, I mean, I often tell
Christopher that um boxing is a business
that um you never see middle class or
upper class youngsters become champion
because you need hunger. You need to be
hungry. Um and the fact that you've kind
of been brought up within these four
walls here and you've been protected, I
don't think you're going to be hard
enough. I just want to try it. I just
want to see what it's
about. I mean, if he can, if my leg can
do, why can't I do it?
That's the argument I've so many people
come to understand. You take a beating.
Is this what it's about? Nothing.
And I hope I hope you're not stubborn
and kind of uh That's what you are.
You're stubborn and bullheaded and
that's why you made it. Yeah, but I
don't want him to. So, you're saying he
now you don't want him to be stubborn
and bullheaded? Listen, you know, for
the guys who don't make for the guys who
don't make it in boxing, you know, it's
tragic. It's a tragic business to be in.
I know you're convinced he's not going
to make it. Just let him go until he
wears himself out of it and he's not
bothered anymore. Yeah. And by then all
those good-looking features would have
gone. You know what they say? Let me
tell you what, trust me. Don't you
crust? Just leave it alone. And you know
what? Remember what they said, right?
Okay. Am I Am I bad looking?
Okay. Why are you putting that into the
kid's head? Because I don't want him to
fight. I don't want to fight. Everyone
gets hurt. Everyone get deflated.
Anybody get used? What you're saying is
irrelevant at this time.
It's irrelevant. Yeah. Why? Because you
made that happen. It's like worrying
about what might not happen. You Let me
Let me just bring this point to you for
a minute. I would never want when I have
kids for my child to be in the car. So,
what do I do? I say, "I'm not buying you
a car and you can't drive." Is that the
right thing to do? I want to try it.
It's It's a really any Okay, I will I
will
um I'll let you try. All you've got to
do is tell me a word. If you tell me,
I'll help you.
Okay, Dory said yes. Stop saying do you
say no? I want to do it. You want to do
it? Yeah.
Okay. I've won to
watch. You'll be one to
watch. My wife throw her blood in mock.
What's going on there in that video that
I just played?
Fear. That's a father who is is thinking
about all the things he's gone
through and fearing that his son will
walk into
that, you know, into that industry, walk
down that path and have to go through
all those things that he went through
that he worked so hard to kind of keep
his family away from. So you got Lennox
Lewis siding with you and that's your
mother. Yeah. And she's also trying to
persuade him to let you have a shot at
boxing. When you watch that video now
after everything that happened with the
fight we just all watched where there
was almost 70,000 people in an arena,
people watching all over the world. It's
been this global phenomenon, not just in
the UK, but I was in America and New
York this weekend and it's people are
talking about it there. How does it feel
to look back at that video?
Uh, it's scary, man. It's
scary. I mean, everything he's saying is
right. He's completely right. You
know, boxing is a tragic sport for the
people that are making you get
disfigured and used. Um, you know,
disfigured. I've been used plenty of
times.
It's scary
to to think about how far we've come
from that moment in
time. Um, all the things I've gone
through, all the things I've
done.
And you know, he has he had every right
to feel the way he did
because champions hard men don't come
from those backgrounds that you saw that
that was filmed in a multi-million pound
house. You know, I I went to private
school the next day after that
interview.
Kids that live that life
don't accomplish anything in such a
barbaric sport because there's just too
much pain and suffering you have to go
through and there's too many times
where naturally you'll look for ways
out.
Now the kids that come from broken
homes,
poverty
and you know
nothing, they don't have any door other
doors to open and walk through. So when
they go to the gym and when they go into
these
fights, if I don't get through this
door, I don't
eat. I can't pay the
rent. Can't feed my family.
For
me, when I'm looking at that door that I
have to go through, whether it's in a
gym or in a
fight, I know that if I don't make it
through that
door, there's a door there and a door
there and a door there and a door
there. And if I'm experiencing too much
pain to get to that door knob to open
it, I can just step back. You know what?
All right, let's go over here.
Football,
business,
acting. I could do whatever I wanted
with the position I was in as a
kid. I still wanted to walk through that
horrible, painful, nasty boxing door and
open that door. and you walk through the
door and you get punched in the stomach
and you go through that and then you got
to walk through the other door and you
get cut above your eye and just keep
walking, keep walking, keep walking,
keep walking and there's all these other
doors. Hey, come come come come. We just
just just take the easy route. Take the
easy route. No, I'm staying
here. So, it was so much harder for me
to do what I was doing because there was
so many other choices. And my father
thought
that as soon as I reached that first
door, I'd be like, you know what? No, he
said it. I'm not going to be hard
enough. And nine times out of 10, kids
are not hard enough in that in that
position. But I was I was hellbent on
proving him wrong and
proving and proving myself right. I knew
I had in me. I felt what I had in me
anyway. didn't know. You never know
until you're you're in those positions.
But I just the strength and
the, you know, that that feeling inside
of me was so it was so visceral. I was
like, there's no way I can't do this.
Like if I just if I put everything into
this, how can I fail? Maybe he was
calling you bluff. That's the another
crazy thing that I used to think about.
Did he was he was he saying this to make
me
to make me push harder because he's
thinking, "All right, well, if I if I
say, oh, he'll be great. When he gets to
those painful
positions, he's already kind of got
my or I've already got his his his
blessing." So, it's like, "Oh, well, you
know, he's he's behind me anyway
regardless." So, you know, I tried my
best. Or does he want me to be at that
front door thinking like, "Oh, man. He's
he said I couldn't do it.
Am I going to let him be right? No.
Well, he did put a chip on your shoulder
in that regard. For sure. Massive.
Massive.
I saw the press conference with you and
um Eddie Hearn and I also saw the one
with where Eddie Han walks off and then
Frank Smith comes in. Frank Smith is
like your brother-in-law.
Unfortunately, yes, he is. You and my
sister have been together for a long,
long time, which
is an extremely wild thing to think that
the CEO of Matroom Boxing is basically
your brother-in-law. Yeah. You know, do
you get along? No, absolutely not. You
don't get along? No, we were okay. We
were fine for a couple of years, for for
a number of years. You know, I even
spent Christmases with them.
Um but it got to a stage
where I started to
see
Matram Eddie Hearn and
himself trying to block me in terms of
the business side of the sport. You know
I am
with a promotional company called Boxer.
Boxer and Matrim which is Eddie Hearn
and and Frank Smith
are you know deathly enemies. They are
arch
[Music]
rivals. So they do anything they can to
screw over
Boxer. I'm with Boxer. So Frank Smith is
trying to
sabotage or was trying to sabotage
certain things going on in my career.
Um being a part of Matram. As soon as I
learned
that it doesn't matter that you're in a
relationship with my sister, we are not,
you know, we are never going to talk
again. Uh we are never going to be
cordial again. Um you are working
against me. He was sitting in that arena
on Saturday
night praying that I lose. Why didn't
you sign to Matroom? Did you try? They
they they offered. Why did you say no? I
don't trust Eddie Hearn. I don't trust
Frank Smith. I don't trust
Matram. These people are
um they're dangerous.
Um,
and you know, it's it's it's crazy to
think that yeah, he is with my sister. I
don't know how that relationship came
about, but love is a peculiar thing. And
you're good with your sister, obviously.
Of course. Of course. She was there in
your corner for the fight. Yeah. And I I
was actually thinking I'm going to ask
her, you know, how does it go? like, you
know, you guys go back home together,
you guys are lying in
bed, I've just won, Connor Ben's just
lost. What do you guys like say to each
other? You know, like cuz Frank is
distraught that that that that Connor
Ben lost, you know, that's their golden
boy. That's their
ticket. You know, I'm my sister's I'm my
sister's brother. So, it's like you've
got two completely opposite sides in the
same bed. What do you guys say to each
other? You know, it's it's just I want
to ask her that question. We have a
closing tradition on this podcast where
the last guest leaves a question for the
next guest, not knowing who they're
leaving it for. And the question left
for you is, if you could listen to one
album for the rest of your life, what
would it be and why?
One album for the rest of my life, it
would have to be something timeless,
something that can
be something that lasts, you know? So,
it would have to be something like
Michael Jackson thriller, you know, a
classic, something that in 200 years
time you're going to still have kids
listening to it that yeah, this is this
is my jam right here.
Um, yeah, I guess that would be the
album. Chris, uh, thank you so much for
giving all of us as boxing fans a moment
that we will never forget. I I do have
to say I've been to a lot of boxing
fights all over the world and one of my
favorite fights was this Lachenko fight
that I saw in New York but without a
shadow of a doubt that is the best
boxing fight I've ever seen in person
and not just because of the fight itself
but because of all of the subplots and
all of the inspiration it gives
everybody. Um watching you go into that
12th round with Connor and give
everything when it was so abundantly
clear that you had nothing in the tank
sends a message to all of us that
there's so much more within us that we
probably don't always realize. And
sometimes it takes, you know, the family
legacy or something deep and and
profound and meaningful for us to find
that in ourselves. But even as you
talked about the, you know, I've had
certain, you know, challenges with my
family's family over the years and with
my parents, with my mother and these
kinds of things and there's been
fractures and years where I was disowned
and all these kinds of things. And I saw
myself in all of that. You know, my my
my mother had um some struggles that she
went through which was somewhat similar
in elements to the struggles that your
father went through. And I know what it
feels like. I know what it feels like.
So, it just gave it gave everybody so
much. And I'm so glad you've been able
to get out onto the streets for the
first time since the fight and feel that
because you brought so much joy. Both of
you, both you and Connor, both so much
joy, so much inspiration and memories
that I will tell my kids about and I'll
say, "I was there for that fight." And
I'm so happy for you as well because I
know the career journey you've been on
and the twists and turns and everything.
So, I'm so glad that the public got to
know all of you. not just the the
coldfaced guy that you know throws a
good uppercut, but the human as well.
And it's in part, I think, because of
some of the difficult moments you've
been through that you've stepped out a
little bit more and become more
comfortable with showing the world all
that you are. And that's the most
valuable, Chris, that I think um the
world can see. So, thank you. Really,
really appreciative. And I can't wait to
see these next couple of fights you have
as you close out what has been a
remarkable
career. Thank you.
[Music]
This has always blown my mind a little
bit. 53% of you that listen to this show
regularly haven't yet subscribed to the
show. So, could I ask you for a favor?
If you like the show and you like what
we do here and you want to support us,
the free simple way that you can do just
that is by hitting the subscribe button.
And my commitment to you is if you do
that, then I'll do everything in my
power, me and my team, to make sure that
this show is better for you every single
week. We'll listen to your feedback.
We'll find the guest that you want me to
speak to and we'll continue to do what
we do. Thank you so much.
[Music]